README.md, before:

# PyCharacterAI
> An asynchronous Python api wrapper for [Character AI](https://character.ai/) using [curl-cffi](https://github.com/yifeikong/curl_cffi).

> [!WARNING]
> This is an unofficial library made by an enthusiast who has no relation to the CharacterAI development team. CharacterAI has no official api and all breakpoints were found manually using reverse proxy. The author is not responsible for possible consequences of using this library.



---
📚 [Documentation](https://github.com/Xtr4F/PyCharacterAI/blob/main/docs/welcome.md).


---
**TO-DO**:
- [ ] Synchronous version.
- [x] Exceptions.
- [ ] Logging?
- [ ] Finish the docs.

---
\
If you have any questions, problems, suggestions, please open an issue or contact me:

[![Tag](https://img.shields.io/badge/telegram-dm-black?style=flat&logo=Telegram)](https://t.me/XtraF)



---

## Getting started

First, you need to install the library:
```bash
pip install git+https://github.com/Xtr4F/PyCharacterAI
```

---
\
Import the `Client` class from the library and create a new instance of it:
```Python
from PyCharacterAI import Client
```

```Python
client = Client()
```

Then you need to authenticate `client` using `token`:
```Python
await client.authenticate("TOKEN")
```

> if you want to be able to upload your avatar you also need to specify `web_next_auth` token as an additional argument (only this way for now, this may change in the future):
> ```Python
> await client.authenticate("TOKEN", web_next_auth="WEB_NEXT_AUTH")
> ```
After authentication, we can use all available library methods.

---
## About tokens and how to get them:
> ⚠️ WARNING, DO NOT SHARE THESE TOKENS WITH ANYONE! Anyone with your tokens has full access to your account! 

This library uses two types of tokens: a common `token` and `web_next_auth`. The first one is required for almost all methods here and the second one only and only for `upload_avatar()` method (may change in the future).

### Instructions for getting a `token`:
1. Open the Character.AI website in your browser
2. Open the `developer tools` (`F12`, `Ctrl+Shift+I`, or `Cmd+J`)
3. Go to the `Nerwork` tab
4. Interact with website in some way, for example, go to your profile and look for `Authorization` in the request header
5. Copy the value after `Token`
> For example, token in `https://plus.character.ai/chat/user/public/following/` request headers:
> ![img](https://github.com/Xtr4F/PyCharacterAI/blob/main/assets/token.png)

### Instructions for getting a `web_next_auth` token:
1. Open the Character.AI website in your browser
2. Open the `developer tools` (`F12`, `Ctrl+Shift+I`, or `Cmd+J`)
3. Go to the `Storage` section and click on `Cookies`
4. Look for the `web-next-auth` key
5. Copy its value
> ![img](https://github.com/Xtr4F/PyCharacterAI/blob/main/assets/web_next_auth.png)


---

## Examples
> Here are just some examples of the library's features. If you want to know about all `methods` and `types` with explanations, go to [methods](https://github.com/Xtr4F/PyCharacterAI/blob/main/docs/api_reference/methods.md) and [types](https://github.com/Xtr4F/PyCharacterAI/blob/main/docs/api_reference/types.md) documentation sections.
### Simple chatting example:
```Python
import asyncio
from PyCharacterAI import Client

token = "TOKEN"
character_id = "ID"


async def main():
    client = Client()
    await client.authenticate(token)

    me = await client.account.fetch_me()
    print(f"Authenticated as @{me.username}")

    chat, greeting_message = await client.chat.create_chat(character_id)

    print(f"{greeting_message.author_name}: {greeting_message.get_primary_candidate().text}")

    while True:
        message = input(f"[{me.name}]: ")

        answer = await client.chat.send_message(character_id, chat.chat_id, message)
        print(f"[{answer.author_name}]: {answer.get_primary_candidate().text}")

asyncio.run(main())
```

---

A more advanced example. You can use so-called streaming to receive a message in parts, as is done on a website, instead of waiting for it to be completely generated:
```Python
import asyncio
from PyCharacterAI import Client

token = "TOKEN"
character_id = "ID"


async def main():
    client = Client()
    await client.authenticate(token)

    me = await client.account.fetch_me()
    print(f"Authenticated as @{me.username}")

    chat, greeting_message = await client.chat.create_chat(character_id)

    print(f"[{greeting_message.author_name}]: {greeting_message.get_primary_candidate().text}")

    while True:
        message = input(f"[{me.name}]: ")

        answer = await client.chat.send_message(character_id, chat.chat_id, message, streaming=True)

        printed_length = 0
        async for message in answer:
            if printed_length == 0:
                print(f"[{message.author_name}]: ", end="")

            text = message.get_primary_candidate().text
            print(text[printed_length:], end="")

            printed_length = len(text)
        print("\n")


asyncio.run(main())
```

---

### Working with images:
```Python
# We can generate images from a prompt
# (It will return list of urls)
images = await client.utils.generate_image("prompt")
```
```Python
# We can upload an image to use it as an 
# avatar for character/persona/profile

# NOTE: This method requires the specified web_next_auth token
avatar_file = "path to file or url"
avatar = await client.utils.upload_avatar(avatar_file)
```

---

### Working with voices:
```Python
# We can search for voices
voices = await client.utils.search_voices("name")
```

```Python
# We can upload the audio as a voice
voice_file = "path to file or url"
voice = await client.utils.upload_voice(voice_file, "voice name")
```

```Python
# We can set and unset a voice for character  
await client.account.set_voice("character_id", "voice_id")
await client.account.unset_voice("character_id")
```

```Python
# And we can use voice to generate speech from the character's messages
speech = await client.utils.generate_speech("chat_id", "turn_id", "candidate_id", "voice_id")
```
> ```Python
> # It will return bytes, so we can use it for example like this:
> filepath = "voice.mp3"
>
> with open(filepath, 'wb') as f:
>    f.write(speech)
> ```
---
## Special Thanks
- [node_characterai](https://github.com/realcoloride/node_characterai) by @realcoloride - for being the backbone of the project in the past.


- [CharacterAI](https://github.com/kramcat/CharacterAI) by @kramcat - for inspiring me.

Commit message:

generate speech update and bugfixes

README.md, after:

# PyCharacterAI
> An asynchronous Python api wrapper for [Character AI](https://character.ai/) using [curl-cffi](https://github.com/yifeikong/curl_cffi).

> [!WARNING]
> This is an unofficial library made by an enthusiast who has no relation to the CharacterAI development team. CharacterAI has no official api and all breakpoints were found manually using reverse proxy. The author is not responsible for possible consequences of using this library.



---
📚 [Documentation](https://github.com/Xtr4F/PyCharacterAI/blob/main/docs/welcome.md).


---
**TO-DO**:
- [ ] Synchronous version.
- [x] Exceptions.
- [ ] Logging?
- [ ] Finish the docs.

---
\
If you have any questions, problems, suggestions, please open an issue or contact me:

[![Tag](https://img.shields.io/badge/telegram-dm-black?style=flat&logo=Telegram)](https://t.me/XtraF)



---

## Getting started

First, you need to install the library:
```bash
pip install git+https://github.com/Xtr4F/PyCharacterAI
```

---
\
Import the `Client` class from the library and create a new instance of it:
```Python
from PyCharacterAI import Client
```

```Python
client = Client()
```

Then you need to authenticate `client` using `token`:
```Python
await client.authenticate("TOKEN")
```

> if you want to be able to upload your avatar you also need to specify `web_next_auth` token as an additional argument (only this way for now, this may change in the future):
> ```Python
> await client.authenticate("TOKEN", web_next_auth="WEB_NEXT_AUTH")
> ```
After authentication, we can use all available library methods.

---
## About tokens and how to get them:
> ⚠️ WARNING, DO NOT SHARE THESE TOKENS WITH ANYONE! Anyone with your tokens has full access to your account! 

This library uses two types of tokens: a common `token` and `web_next_auth`. The first one is required for almost all methods here and the second one only and only for `upload_avatar()` method (may change in the future).

### Instructions for getting a `token`:
1. Open the Character.AI website in your browser
2. Open the `developer tools` (`F12`, `Ctrl+Shift+I`, or `Cmd+J`)
3. Go to the `Nerwork` tab
4. Interact with website in some way, for example, go to your profile and look for `Authorization` in the request header
5. Copy the value after `Token`
> For example, token in `https://plus.character.ai/chat/user/public/following/` request headers:
> ![img](https://github.com/Xtr4F/PyCharacterAI/blob/main/assets/token.png)

### Instructions for getting a `web_next_auth` token:
1. Open the Character.AI website in your browser
2. Open the `developer tools` (`F12`, `Ctrl+Shift+I`, or `Cmd+J`)
3. Go to the `Storage` section and click on `Cookies`
4. Look for the `web-next-auth` key
5. Copy its value
> ![img](https://github.com/Xtr4F/PyCharacterAI/blob/main/assets/web_next_auth.png)


---

## Examples
> Here are just some examples of the library's features. If you want to know about all `methods` and `types` with explanations, go to [methods](https://github.com/Xtr4F/PyCharacterAI/blob/main/docs/api_reference/methods.md) and [types](https://github.com/Xtr4F/PyCharacterAI/blob/main/docs/api_reference/types.md) documentation sections.
### Simple chatting example:
```Python
import asyncio
from PyCharacterAI import Client

token = "TOKEN"
character_id = "ID"


async def main():
    client = Client()
    await client.authenticate(token)

    me = await client.account.fetch_me()
    print(f"Authenticated as @{me.username}")

    chat, greeting_message = await client.chat.create_chat(character_id)

    print(f"{greeting_message.author_name}: {greeting_message.get_primary_candidate().text}")

    while True:
        message = input(f"[{me.name}]: ")

        answer = await client.chat.send_message(character_id, chat.chat_id, message)
        print(f"[{answer.author_name}]: {answer.get_primary_candidate().text}")

asyncio.run(main())
```

---

A more advanced example. You can use so-called streaming to receive a message in parts, as is done on a website, instead of waiting for it to be completely generated:
```Python
import asyncio
from PyCharacterAI import Client

token = "TOKEN"
character_id = "ID"


async def main():
    client = Client()
    await client.authenticate(token)

    me = await client.account.fetch_me()
    print(f"Authenticated as @{me.username}")

    chat, greeting_message = await client.chat.create_chat(character_id)

    print(f"[{greeting_message.author_name}]: {greeting_message.get_primary_candidate().text}")

    while True:
        message = input(f"[{me.name}]: ")

        answer = await client.chat.send_message(character_id, chat.chat_id, message, streaming=True)

        printed_length = 0
        async for message in answer:
            if printed_length == 0:
                print(f"[{message.author_name}]: ", end="")

            text = message.get_primary_candidate().text
            print(text[printed_length:], end="")

            printed_length = len(text)
        print("\n")


asyncio.run(main())
```

---

### Working with images:
```Python
# We can generate images from a prompt
# (It will return list of urls)
images = await client.utils.generate_image("prompt")
```
---
```Python
# We can upload an image to use it as an 
# avatar for character/persona/profile

# NOTE: This method requires the specified web_next_auth token
avatar_file = "path to file or url"
avatar = await client.utils.upload_avatar(avatar_file)
```

---

### Working with voices:
```Python
# We can search for voices
voices = await client.utils.search_voices("name")
```
---
```Python
# We can upload the audio as a voice
voice_file = "path to file or url"
voice = await client.utils.upload_voice(voice_file, "voice name")
```
---
```Python
# We can set and unset a voice for character  
await client.account.set_voice("character_id", "voice_id")
await client.account.unset_voice("character_id")
```
---
```Python
# And we can use voice to generate speech from the character's messages
speech = await client.utils.generate_speech("chat_id", "turn_id", "candidate_id", "voice_id")

# It will return bytes, so we can use it for example like this:
filepath = "voice.mp3"

with open(filepath, 'wb') as f:
  f.write(speech)
```
```Python
# or we can get just the url.
speech_url = await client.utils.generate_speech("chat_id", "turn_id", "candidate_id", 
                                            "voice_id", return_url=True)

```
---
## Special Thanks
- [node_characterai](https://github.com/realcoloride/node_characterai) by @realcoloride - for being the backbone of the project in the past.


- [CharacterAI](https://github.com/kramcat/CharacterAI) by @kramcat - for inspiring me.
